Volume 1, Chronicle 1, Episode 1
The Gift

The sun surface from under the thick clouds,
The ray casts shadows to the fluffy sea in the sky,
It is 4:56am, and Art is already up and dressed for work.
He does his morning ritual: 
quiet meditation for 15 minutes,
chanting spiritual codes for another 15,
concluding with a deep bow to the sun 
with palm pressed together in front of his chest - a posture known as Gasho.
Art, a young boy with sharp eyes and a shaved head,
is a monk living on the top of Mount Fuji
at the Sengen Shrine's satellite site.
Each day he performs his duty of cleaning,
checking, and charging the robots.
Occassionally, their repairs as well.
The robots would in turn do the cleaning,
gardening, and cooking for the two monks living there.
Every now and then, building maintenance as well.

Today is a special day. 
Today is Art's 12th birthday.
Although monks hardly celebrate their birthdays,
for the two of them living together in the remote mountain top
with hardly any visitors anymore,
they have learned that to entertain themselves
and keeping their mental and physical wellness in shape,
is as much their duty as the daily rituals and chores.
Frankly, they do not mind their chores,
for they know the world beneath is far more chaotic
and dangerous,
and it is a blessing to be living in such quiet peace in this
troubled era where humans and AI have been split into four main camps,
each fighting for their dominance for the past 35 years.
Above all that, they are going to celebrate Art's birthday today.

As Art finishes up with the third and last robot,
he sets it into operation.
He runs back to his room, where his roommate Leon works,
just finishing with his 5-page prompts to instruct the robots of
every detail to prepare for this special day.
Leon is much more than a roommate to Art.
Being 20 years older, Leon is like a big brother slash father to Art.
For Art has never met his birth parents. H
e was rescued by Leon from
an exile pod 12 years ago, in a dessert, 
only hours after he was born.
That changed the course of Leon's life, to say the least.
Leon, once a respected Beast Hunter,
became a monk, to stay away from the front line,
to try to live long, so he could see Art grow up.
12 years have gone by, and as this young boy runs towards him from behind
and jumps onto his thick back, even his stern face
cracked up into a genuine smile.

It is 7am, and they have both finished their work for the day.
Today, Leon has promised to teach Art level 2 combat skills.
Even though Leon has at first wanted to keep Art away from the frontiers,
he has to admit that Art is actually quite talented,
physically fit, and determined; 
Since two years ago, Art has just about cleared every hurdle
that Leon has set to deter his ask.
They change into their training gi,
and walk out to the flat ground in front of the Shrine.

"Art, tell me what you've learned in Level 1." Leon commands.
"The various efficient form for punching, kicking, perry and dodging, 
on various terrains" Art replies.
"And?" Leon looks unimpressed.
"To control my body, to defend my weaknesses while utilizing my strengths." Art replies.
"What else?"
"... To suppress the layer of logic and let my body and mind connect directly."
"Well, that you've learned, but not quite applied." Leon mocks Art, who hunbly responds with a Gasho.
"And that's fine. That's how we learn. 
Somethings we learn and apply immediately, 
somethings we learn, memorize, and only until one day in the future, 
we would suddenly be able to apply them"
"So remember this, today we unlock Level 2, but that does not mean you can stop practicing Level 1. 
It only means you are now ready for more concurrent processing."
"Ha-i!" Art agrees excitedly.

And so they trained, in the thin air at 3700m elevation,
laughing and panting,
sweats flowing down their backs
as time flows past.
And when they finally had enough, 
the sun was already setting, on the other side of the moountain.

As they come back to their spotless room,
they took turns to have a mist shower which recycles the water after each use.
As they came up fresh, with their bodies aching,
dinner was ready:
3D printed Tofu with a small portion of lab-grown cabbage pickles,
and air-friend pumpkin tempura, Art's favorite.
It is customary to have their meal in silence,
to give full respect for the food on the table.
With so much artificial production, though,
That respect for 'life' does seem to be a bit ironic.
Nonetheless, Art sees it as a silence for gratefulness.
He would have died 12 years ago, baked well-done in the heat
of the dessert, were it not for Leon.

They finished their meal in sync,
and as they are paying their respect to the food,
the light goes out.
No, a cake did not to come out. Nor a robot choir.
something starts glowing, illuminating the darkness.
Held in the palm of Leon, light casts highlights on the distinct features of the two faces,
Leon explains,
"Art, there is something I have kept for you."
Art looked closely at the glowing object, that looked just like a torus.
"This Halo is a memory capsule. It came with you when I found you 12 years ago."
Leon continues,
"It is from someone important to you. 
And he has instructed whomever found you to only share this with you
only when you are strong enough to defend yourself, and to tell truth from illusions.
I figured there's a timelimit to the relevance of this message, too,
so I have decided that I will give it to you today."

With that, Leon hands over the Halo to Art.
"This is your father's gift for you."


